THE INTERDIMENSIONAL SALESMAN

At the Here and Now, the soon-to-be passengers would soon be passengers of the Train of Thought, as the clock struck from Later to Soon.
The tracks of the soon-to-arrive Train of Thought extended from one side to the other, into, and in to, the Nothing. The familiar ringing of a bell could be heard from a far distance.
Out of the Nothing, and into the Something, the locomotive manifested itself, as it pulled forward an infinite succession of carriages from behind.
The locomotive ran solely on a spectrum of emotions, in order to bring out, and about, the motion of the Train of Thought. The brakes tightened, the engine cooled, slowing down the locomotion to a full stop, precisely, as the clock struck from Soon to Now.
[The Train of Thought had arrived at the Here and Now.]
This particular Train of Thought would be known as the Story Express and would soon begin its novel voyage to the end of the Plot Line.
The doors of the carriages opened. 
[To conduct the [textual {syntactic}] passage of the Train of Thought in order, of the order, concluded the introduction of a conductor.] 
[Associative writing: within line  position within the composition  on the line a conductor conducive to the conduct of the authority stepped out on to the layout to authorize the steps laid out o  authority, conducting the authorization was authorized by the author to set out to authorize the reset the settings in order, to follow the order, of the author  offset set up the set off of on lay out "All About!"] 
[Member, remember, remembrance, remind,  to remind the members, set theory, to remember their carriage  , The conductor set out to excerpt [exclaim] “All About!”]
The conductor stepped out and expressed “All About!”
The soon-to-be passengers boarded the Train of Thought, and in doing so, came to be passengers. [in sequence and thoughts, of stories and plots.]
The conductor stepped in.
The doors of the carriages closed.
The engine heated up, the brakes released, and the cylindrical wheels began to turn, as did the expression of the story begin to leave its impression on the Plot Line towards the end.  
















Landscape
As it left the station towards the right, the only indicator of movement was the distancing of the station, which shrank in size until it could no longer be seen, disappearing into the Nothing.
The shrinking size of the station was directly proportional to the speed at which the Train of Thought moved. As the station disappeared into the Nothing, all that could be seen were the train tracks in front and behind as it churned its cylindrical wheels, suggesting its motion was in direction that went towards the space in front of the train.
Another indicator were the beams of the tracks that came one after another.
The sound of the roaring engine and the spinning wheels on the rail of the track, along with the volume of steam that it exhausted out of its pipe, were, too, indications that the train was moving.
The Nothing
The landscape in which the Train of Thought was moving through, was void, devoid of anything. None could say if it was of black or white, or any color. It seemed it could be all things at once, or nothing at all.
For whether it was something, or nothing, was the very essence of something without essence at all. The Nothing being truly nothing could not be anything, for it had no characteristic of any kind, and so could be perceived in any way, yet what one could say if one saw the unseeable would be, that of, precisely, anything.
Pure potentiality without the essence of any substance.
It could be pointed at only by pointing away from the Something. Its defining characteristics are defined by what Something is not. The only name given to something that was not Something. A word without reference. A word that could only be defined by the negation of what it is not. A definition that could possibly, likely, maybe, be considered wrong by the very act of defining it. A word of which should not exist for that is what it shows. For a word will come with a definition and a definition references something, yet this word, having a definition defeats the purpose of what it actually is, or is not. Yet if there were no word for it we could not talk about it, that is, talk about the not it. Or something like that. Or nothing like that. It matters not. For it has no matter. In any form for that matter. 
The Something
The Something was that which was not the Nothing. All that is, is, Something. All existence, all being, all matter, all things, all whatever, is Something, and so makes up the whole of Something. 
Where precisely the Something ended and the Nothing started was a mystery. For objects, physical alike, are identifiable as Something, though, nonphysical alike, that of, thoughts, ideas, imagination and the like, are, too, Something, for they are not Nothing, but what about things that only have properties that are negations of it's opposition, such as vacuum, for would one not imagine the Nothing as an endless vacuum, or is vacuum made of stuff that has no properties. Light and many other things can travel through vacuum, and so it may be nothing thing within the Something, as Something is a container of, perhaps, pockets of nothing, yet this nothing can be traveled through. 
Would one not imagine true Nothing, to be devoid of any possibility, such as a thing traveling through it, for true Nothing must be absolute in all ways that make it truly Nothing.
As such where vacuum [change vacuum to space, keep it simple], that is, the nothing contained within Something, ends, and as such space itself, there does Nothing start. That is, there does Nothing. There does...
Like the spaces between words and the words between the spaces; all are contained within Something.
Borderlines of Relativity
[Yet what lies beyond the container of Something is yet more Something, and so it cannot be a container, but the only thing that can be.]
As Nothing does not exist, it cannot be perceived, therefore one can only ever see Something. 

The furthest distance one sight can see, is still the furthest point of Something. May one walk to the furthest point, one will find the furthest point still and it will always be the exact unit of distance to that very one. May one's sight degrade, so may the furthest point come closer to one. May one be without sight, then the furthest point is but a pointless point. May one hear sound from the furthest point, it'll be as faint to one's hearing as the furthest point is to one's sight. May one touch the furthest point, they will be at furthest point and closest point, all at once.
At the Now and What 
Somewhere, somewhen, a Train of Thought was steaming ahead.
The direction of the Train of Thought was one way and one way only, on track, forward.
Forward on the track.
Moving in motion towards the space in front of the locomotive on the tracks.
That, precisely, that.
Moving on the Plot Line.
Nothing else.
That was it.
Possibilities
Train of Thought moving in motion forward with Nothing around it.
Steaming ahead. Cylindrical wheels turning with a speed in which it made it impossible to see which direction it was actually going.
The beams [Beams or Planks] of the tracks that came one after another, moved at such a speed that it was impossible to know which direction, of two, it was moving in.
With no reference point to distinguish the direction, it could easily be going backwards with the same speed as it would forwards.
In fact, the Train of Thought could equally possibly be moving forwards or backwards.
The locomotive could be pulling the carriages forwards or it could be pushing the carriages backwards.
As one could perceive both directions as equally possible, one would find a third possibility, that the Train of Thought was stationary.
The assumption was that the Train of Thought was in motion and that the tracks were stationary. It was said that the station was shrinking but it could have been the station that was moving away, and not the Train of Thought. Therefore, it could just as equally be possible that the Train of Thought was stationary and that the tracks underneath were the very thing in motion.
Strangely, a fourth possibility came forth.
That both the Train of Thought and the track it was on were both stationary.
The cylindrical wheels were spinning at such a speed that it was impossible to recognize whether they were moving forward or backwards, but at a certain speed, the wheels could be spinning at such cycles, that it would look the same as if the wheels were not moving at all.
Same goes for the planks, switching one after another, could hit a speed at which it would look the same as if it were stationary.
It was now impossible to tell which of the four possibilities were happening. The train moving forward. The train moving backwards. The train stationary, and the tracks moving. The train and the tracks stationary.
And yet, there was a fifth possibility. 
That it existed in suspension of all four possibilities, that is, in potentiality of the four possibilities.
Since there was not a single reference point that could indicate the state of the Train of Thought, it existed as the pure potential state of all four possible outcomes.
And so it was.
The Train of Thought without a thought of what it was doing, was doing so, in a state of potentiality.
It did not matter what the truth was, it only mattered, what the point is.   [Temporal change in same sentence tense]
Its destination was that of the end of the Plot Line.
And one knew that for it to be at the end of the Plot Line, there needed to be more plot line for the Story Express, that is, for the story to express itself.
If it were to end now, the story would not fulfill its Plot Line and so be unfulfilling.
For the fulfillment of the Plot Line it required plot to unfold, and for plot to unfold, one needed a crisis.
And this, indecisive, unknowable, all possible, potential state, had no direction, no foreseeable path for this story to unfold, and that was problem enough as it did not allow for much more plot to unfold.
But soon it would be realized the problem of an unfulfilling plot was in process of becoming the solution the further it went, as this was the crisis it needed for a plot to unfold. 
